(lips whistling)
(broom swishes)
- You gonna be much longer, son?
- Nah, not much longer.
(broom swishes)
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ For the longest time ♪
♪ For the longest ♪
♪ If you said goodbye to me tonight ♪
♪ There would still be
music left to write ♪
♪ What else could I do ♪
♪ I'm so inspired by you ♪
♪ That hasn't happened
for the longest time ♪
♪ Once I thought my innocence was gone ♪
♪ Now I know that happiness goes on ♪
♪ That's where you found me ♪
♪ When you put your arms around me ♪
♪ I haven't been there
for the longest time ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ For the longest time ♪
♪ For the longest ♪
♪ I'm that voice you're
hearing in the hall ♪
♪ And the greatest miracle of all ♪
♪ Is how I need you ♪
♪ And how you needed me too ♪
♪ That hasn't happened
for the longest time ♪
♪ Maybe this won't last very long ♪
♪ But you feel so right ♪
♪ And I could be wrong ♪
♪ Maybe I've been hoping too hard ♪
♪ But I've gone this far ♪
♪ And it's more than I hoped for ♪
♪ Who knows how much further we'll go on ♪
♪ Maybe I'll be sorry when you're gone ♪
♪ I'll take my chances ♪
♪ I forgot how nice romance is ♪
♪ I haven't been there
for the longest time ♪
♪ I had second thoughts at the start ♪
♪ I said to myself ♪
♪ Hold on to your heart ♪
♪ Now I know the woman that you are ♪
♪ You're wonderful so far ♪
♪ And it's more than I hoped for ♪
♪ I don't care what
consequence it brings ♪
♪ I have been a fool for lesser things ♪
♪ I want you so bad ♪
♪ I think you ought to know that ♪
♪ I intend to hold you
for the longest time ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ For the longest time ♪